
Not verified names, please transcribe:
-------------------------------------

[Example:

Tony C. Bush --> Toni K[ondolais] Boosh
                 rhymes with whoosh, not hush;
		 middle name consonant is a hard 'k', not 's'.
		 
Please give us all the details, it may not be as obvious as it seems to
transcribe the proper name in Russian. For example, we can only guess that
Karl Fogel's last name is transcribed as fogel and not fodzhel, because his
first name hints at German or Scandinavian origin, but that is very
speculative reasoning].

Below are the names which we have doubts of:

Jani Averbach	    (first name?)
Francois Beausoleil (first and last names?)
Jennifer Bevan	    (last name?)
Matt Blais	    (last name?)
Brane Cibej	    (first and last names?)
Olivier Davy	    (first and last names?)
Mo DeJong	    (first and last names?)
Tatiana Diaz	    (last name: is last 'z' palatalized? is 'ia' one sound or
                     two? she may be Slav, can we get exact original
		     Cyrillic letters for the last name then?)
Nick Duffek	    (last name?) 
Chris Foote	    (last name?)
Martin Furter	    (last name?)
Alexis Huxley	    (last name?)
Tez Kamihira	    (first name?)
David Kimdon	    ("day-vid", short "a", long "i"; last name?)
Andreas J. Koenig   (is J. like 'J' in John or 'Y' in Yetti?)
Paul Lussier	    ("pawl", last name?)
Bruce A. Mah	    (last name?)
Linda Mui           (last name?)
Patrick Mayweg	    (last name?)
Gareth McCaughan    (first name?; last name?)	
Kevin Pilch-Bisson  (last name?)
Steffen Prohaska    (first name, last name?)
Tobias Ringstrom    (last name?)
Joel Rosdahl	    (last name?)
Christian Sauer	    (last name?)
Russell Steicke	    (last name?)
John Szakmeister    (first name, last name?)
Alex Waugh	    (last name?)
Chad Whitacre	    (first name, last name?)
Josef Wolf	    (first name)

Names with provided hints
-------------------------

Names with provided hints but still unclear
-------------------------------------------
Robert P. J. Day    http://www.red-bean.com/dav/svnbook/robert_p_j_day.mp3
                    what do P. and J. stand for? Can we get the sound of full
		    names? We will contract them to one letter, but we need to
		    get which letter that should be first.

Proper names in Russian
-----------------------

Ryan Barrett		Райан Барретт
Brian Behlendorf	Брайан Белендорф
Jim Blandy		Джим Блэнди
Zack Brown		Зак Браун
Martin Buchholz		Мартин Буххольц
Ben Collins-Sussman	Бен Коллинз-Сассман
Frances [Collins-Sussman] Франсис [Коллинз-Сассман]
John R. Daily		Джон Р. Дэйли
Peter Davis		Питер Дэвис
Brian Denny		Брайан Денни
Joe Drew		Джо Дрю
Ben Elliston		Бен Эллистон
Justin Erenkrantz	Джастин Эренкрантц
Shlomi Fish		Шломи Фиш
Julian Foad		Джулиан Фоад 
Brian W. Fitzpatrick	Брайан У. Фитцпатрик
Marie (Fitzpatrick)	Мэри (Фитцпатрик)
Eric (Fitzpatrick)	Эрик (Фитцпатрик)
Karl Fogel		Карл Фогель
Dave Gilbert		Дэйв Гилберт
Eric Gillespie		Эрик Гиллеспи
Matthew Gregan		Мэфью Греган
Art Haas		Арт Гаас
Greg Hudson		Грег Хадсон
Jens B. Jorgensen	Йенс Б. Йоргенсен 
Shep Kendall		Шеп Кендал
Mark Benedetto King	Марк Бенедетто Кинг
Nuutti Kotivuori	Нуутти Котивуори
Matt Kraai		Матт Краай
Scott Lamb		Скотт Ламб
Vincent Lefevre		Винсент Лефевр
Morten Ludvigsen	Мортен Людвигсен
Philip  Martin		Филип Мартин 
Feliciano Matias	Феличиано Матиас
Jon Middleton		Джон Мидлтон
Tim Moloney		Тим Молони
Mats Nilsson		Матс Нильссон
Joe Orton		Джо Ортон
C. Michael Pilato	К. Майкл Пилато
Amy Lyn Pilato		Эйми Лин Пилато
Gavin (Pilato)		Гавин Пилато
Dmitriy Popkov		Дмитрий Попков
Michael Price		Майкл Прайс
Mark Proctor		Марк Проктор
Daniel Rall		Дэниел Рол
Jason Robbins Джейсон Роббинс
Garrett Rooney		Гарретт Руни
Larry Shatzer		Ларри Шатцер
Greg Stein		Грег Стайн
Sander Striker		Сандер Страйкер
Erik Sjoelund		Эрик Шёлунд
Johan Sundstroem	Йохан Сундстрём
Mason Thomas		Мэйсон Томас
Eric Wadsworth		Эрик Уадсуорт
Colin Watson		Колин Уотсон
Blair Zajac		Блэр Зайджек

vim:tw=78:
