Review and comments on the Subversion book listed by chapter.

Overall Book Comments

        #1) Blair

            It may be a good idea where possible to set up a little
            example repository for the book.  It could live as

            http://www.svnbook.org/examples/

        #2) Gareth McCaughan (from issue #1216)

            There are lots of instances of "..." that should probably be
            replaced with "&hellip;".

            Capitalization of section headings is quite inconsistent.
            Most have all significant words capitalized ("Examine Your
            Changes"), but some don't ("How to Read this Book"). It
            doesn't much matter which convention is chosen, but it's
            probably best to stick with one.

Chapter 3

        #1) ghudson (also affects ch 9 a little bit)

            The new date parser requires a change to the doc formats.
            A minimal patch can be found in issue #408.

            The new date parser accepts three varieties kinds of
	    formats.  The first is very nicely documented by the W3C
	    in <http://www.w3.org/TR/NOTE-datetime>; we allow the time
	    zone designator to be missing, in which case we use system
	    local time.  The second variety is just like the first
	    variety, except the punctuation characters '-' and ':' are
	    omitted.  The third variety is what we use in the output
	    of "svn log", and can look like:

              YYYY-MM-DD hh:mm[:ss[.uuuuuu]][ +hh[:mm]]

            There can be fewer than six digits in the microseconds
	    designation, and of course the time zone designation may
	    be "-hh[:mm]" instead of "+hh[:mm]".

    Examining History : svn log

        #2) Gareth McCaughan (from issue #1216)

            It would be good to say something here about the interaction
            between "svn log" and the ability to move files and
            directories around. Maybe just a pointer to where it's
            discussed more fully.

    Examining History : A Final Word on History

        #3) Gareth McCaughan (from issue #1216)

            Anyone who's used CVS will be wondering: if I use "svn
            update" with the --revision flag to move back in time, what
            then happens when I do later updates without that flag?

Chapter 5

    Section svn-ch-5-sect-6

        #1) Blair

            I don't know if the "Adding Projects" sections works best
            here.  It follows pretty specific information on setting
            up a repository, debugging, recovering, which are highly
            specific and not generally used.  This section could be
            missed.  This information is also used by people who
            aren't Subversion "administrator's".  For example, at my
            work, there are people creating new projects pretty
            consistently and we have 61 projects.  While I'm the
            administrator, the users and programmers also need to know
            project layout information.

            There's a repository layout section in chapter 4 that this
            could well be merged into.  If that doesn't work, I would
            consider moving it up to the front of this chapter.

    Repository Basics : Unversioned Properties

        #2) Gareth McCaughan (from issue #1216)

            It may be worth explicitly saying that these are *not* the
            same as the versioned properties attached to files and
            directories.

    Repository Creation and Configuration

        #3) Gareth McCaughan (from issue #1216)

            "A file whose contents are a single integer value ...": that
            could mean either a string of characters representing an
            integer in base 10, or a bunch of bytes representing an
            integer in base 256.  Presumably it means the former; maybe
            add "in base 10" to the text?

    Repository Creation and Configuration : Hook scripts

        #4) Gareth McCaughan (from issue #1216)

            At the end of this section, there's a note about permissions
            and file ownership and so on. It slightly gives the
            impression that the main failure mode in this area is having
            a hook script that can't do what you want because it doesn't
            have permission. Well, maybe that's the commonest failure
            mode, but there's a more serious failure mode where the
            script can do altogether too much because it has too much
            permission.  Is it worth adding some mumblings about
            security?

    Repository Maintenance : An Administrator's Toolkit : Berkeley DB Utilities

        #5) Gareth McCaughan (from issue #1216)

            The text says that db_dump and db_load are useful for
            transferring Berkeley databases from one machine to another.
            It would be good to clarify the relationship between these
            and "svnadmin dump" and "svnadmin load". (That is, that
            there isn't any, and that Subversion users want to use the
            latter rather than the former.)

    Repository Maintenance : Repository Cleanup

        #6) Gareth McCaughan (from issue #1216)

            "If you use these two subcommands like this, you should
            consider making your repository temporarily inaccessible to
            clients." -- this advice would be much more helpful if it
            said how to do it.  Later in the book, there's a similar
            piece of advice that recommends killing the svnserve or
            Apache process, but (1) Apache might be being used for other
            things that you don't want to kill, (2) if you're using
            svnserve over ssh, doesn't each user have their own
            process?, and (3) this doesn't help if you have users
            accessing the repository directly. Hmm.

    Repository Maintenance : Migrating a Repository

        #7) Gareth McCaughan (from issue #1216)

            "The only exception to this rule is the first revision that
            is dumped with the current svnadmin dump command." I'm not
            sure what "current" is meant to mean here. How about "...
            that is dumped with each svnadmin dump command."?

            "And, secondly, Subversion cannot know the state of the
            repository into which the dump data will be loaded (if it
            ever, in fact, occurs)." Er, if *what* ever occurs?  Loading
            of the dump into a repository? If that's the meaning, then I
            suggest: "... into which the dump data will be loaded, if
            indeed it's ever loaded into a repository at all."

            The section about incremental repository dumps would, I
            think, be improved if it said *explicitly* that the
            concatenation of two dumps is a legal dump.


Chapter 7

    Properties : Special properties : svn:ignore

        #1) Gareth McCaughan (from issue #1216)

            It might be worth making a bigger deal of the one really key
            difference between svn:ignore and .cvsignore: the former
            will always get checked in whenever the directory it applies
            to does, whereas you can leave .cvsignore un-checked-in.
            This is alluded to in passing ("These facts are true for all
            working copies, not just your own."), but it should probably
            be mentioned in the box "Ignore Patterns for CVS Users".

    Properties : Special properties : svn:keywords

        #2) Gareth McCaughan (from issue #1216)

            The exact treatment of the briefer aliases for keywords
            isn't very clear.  Specifically, I can't tell from the
            description here (1) whether, if I include "LastChangedDate"
            in svn:keywords, "$Date$" will get expanded or not, nor (2)
            whether, if I have "$Date$" and it gets expanded, it turns
            into "$Date: ...$" or "$LastChangedDate: ...$".

    Properties : Special properties : svn:eol-style

        #3) Gareth McCaughan (from issue #1216)

            "This is basically transparent to the user, though.": every
            time I see "basically" in a technical book it makes me
            shudder, because I'm afraid that underneath it lurk some
            nasty details that the author is afraid to touch. This
            should either say "This is transparent to the user." or else
            explain briefly the ways in which it's not quite
            transparent.

    Externals Definitions

        #4) Gareth McCaughan (from issue #1216)

            "no one else has to Subver-bother---sion": wow! This appears
            to be a bug in whatever generated the PDF form of the
            document, because the source looks fine :-).


Chapter 8

    Using the APIs : Using Languages Other than C and C++

        #1) Gareth McCaughan (from issue #1216)

            "Our example will do the same thing as our last example": no
            it won't. The previous example was a function to create a
            directory in the repository; this one enumerates paths below
            a given point in the repository. What it's the same as is
            the example in the section on memory pools, but that's later
            in the book.

Chapter 9

    Section svn-ch-9-sect-1.2

        #1) naked

            "svn diff" synopsis differs from actual usage and there is
            no explanation or examples of the --old and --new
            arguments which are bound to be confusing.

        #2) naked

            "svn merge" has the same problem as above.

Appendix A

    Directory Versions

        #1) Gareth McCaughan (from issue #1216)

            "For more discussion about the limitations of directory
            versioning, see ...": it looks to me as if the referenced
            section contains strictly *less* about the limitations of
            directory versioning than the preceding paragraphs in
            appendix A. Someone turning there will learn nothing new.

Appendix C

    Common Problems : Problems Using Subversion

        #1) Gareth McCaughan (from issue #1216)

            The first problem meets with the suggestion of running "svn
            recover", and says "Make sure you run this command as the
            user that owns and manages the database ...".  Perhaps it
            should say something about what to do if you run it as root
            by mistake.  (Is "chown -R user:group /path/to/repos"
            sufficient, for instance?)
            

